Revise language on Positron docs (#78)
posit-dev/positron-docs: start.qmd

title: "Get Started"
---

::: {.callout-note}

Positron is currently in **Public Beta** but we are nearing our initial Release Candidate. This means that while it is usable and stable, it may still have some rough edges. We welcome your feedback and contributions as we continue to improve Positron.

:::

#### Positron might be a good fit for you if...

> -   you use VS Code for data science (Python or R) but wish it included more affordances for data-specific work like a dedicated console, variables pane, data explorer, ways to interact with your plots and interactively develop data apps such as Shiny, Streamlit, or FastAPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   you use VS Code for data science (Python or R) but wish it included more interactive affordances for data-specific tasks like running exploratory code, examining your variables and datasets, interacting with your plots, and developing data apps such as Shiny, Streamlit, or FastAPI.
```

How about we change this to be about the job to be done instead of what we call the feature?

> -   you use Jupyterlab or other Notebook tools for data science (Python or R) and are ready for a more powerful, fully-featured IDE that still supports notebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   you use Jupyterlab or another similar tool for data science (Python or R) and are ready for a more powerful, fully-featured IDE that still supports notebooks.
```

-   you use RStudio and want more ability to customize or extend your IDE.
-   you use additional languages beyond only Python or R in your day-to-day data science or package development work, like Rust, C++, JavaScript, or Lua.

> -   you want access to powerful, data-science specific AI integrations in a modern, extensible IDE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   you want access to powerful, data-science specific AI integrations in a modern, extensible IDE.
```
